Release 1.9.0 (#335)
microsoft/onefuzz: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 1.9.0
### Added

> * CLI/Service: Added [Service Managed Job Templates](docs/declarative-templates.md) as a preview feature.  (enable via `onefuzz config --enable_feature job_templates`).  [#226](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/296)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CLI/Service: Added [Service-Managed Job Templates](docs/declarative-templates.md) as a preview feature.  Enable via `onefuzz config --enable_feature job_templates`.  [#226](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/296)
```

> * Service/agent: Added support for unmanaged nodes.  This paves the way for _bring your own compute_ for fuzzing.  [#318](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/318)

Reviewer: Can you elaborate on the level of support, stability? Are we calling this a preview feature?

Author: It's functional and stable, though not exposed in a meaningful fashion.  I'm fine with it as is, as it will get flushed out significantly more in the near future.

Reviewer: Oh sorry, I meant elaborate in the changelog. Like "Added **internal**/**preview** support for [...]".

> * CLI: Added `onefuzz debug` sub-commands to simplify coverage and fuzzing performance for LibFuzzer jobs from Application Insights.  [#325](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/325)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CLI: Added `onefuzz debug` subcommands to simplify coverage and fuzzing performance for libFuzzer jobs from Application Insights.  [#325](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/325)
```

* Service: Information about the user responsible for creating jobs and repro VMs is now associated with the Job and Repro VMs.  [#327](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/327)

### Changed

> * Deployment: `deploy.py` now automatically retries to deploy the Azure Functions on failure.  [#330](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/330)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deployment: `deploy.py` now automatically retries on failure when deploying the Azure Function App.  [#330](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/330)
```

### Fixed
* Service: Address multiple minor issues previously hidden by function decorators used for caching.  [#322](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/322)

> * Agent: Fixed libfuzzer coverage support for internal builds of MSVC [#324](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/324)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Agent: Fixed libFuzzer coverage support for internal builds of MSVC [#324](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/324)
```
